Create ui-c8y-1021-45-3-default-mapping-option-should-be-retrive-from-access-token-8019-graft.md (#2992)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-45-3-default-mapping-option-should-be-retrive-from-access-token-8019-graft.md

---
date: ""

> title: Default source for user data for external user is access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Default access mapping retrieves user information from access token
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62110
version: 1021.45.3
---

> For SSO configurations that do not include information about the user data source, the default source is set to Access Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The single sign-on (SSO) configuration has been updated with the default access mapping set to retrieve user information from the access token. This update is required as {{< product-c8y-iot >}} recently enabled user information to be taken from either the access token or the identity token. This change improves backward compatibility.
```
